(Adhil Mohamed)

How are you doing?

I can see you're open to work, what job position are you looking to apply for?
OR
It appears you're interested in exploring opportunities. What specific role are you seeking to pursue?


Oh! that's good to hear, how long have you been looking this job opportunity?
OR
That's a good career path to go into. How long have you been looking for this job opportunity?


Wow, Job hunting can definitely be a stressful process, and I'm sorry to hear that you're still looking. Can you tell me a bit about your job search so far? Are you finding it hard to get interviews, or are you getting interviews but not getting the job? Maybe we can figure out what's not working and see if we can improve your chances. 🙂

That's totally understandable, change can be overwhelming at times. But it's great that you're open to making the necessary adjustments. Updating your resume is an important part of the process, and I'm happy to help with that too. What areas of your resume do you feel need the most work? 😄


Do you have an existing resume?
Kindly send it to me for quick review

Give me some minutes to go over your resume

after carefully accessing your resume, I'm excited about the experience and educational certification you processes, however to make a significant impact on potential employers and ensure ATS compliance, refinement are needed in your resume to make you fit the position you are looking to apply for
OR
Your resume looks great but it does'nt contain the necessary details a professional lead generation expert should have and would have been perfect if it was in a document file and in proper alignment.


Do you want me to proceed with your resume by making it ATS standard compliant for the job position you're looking to apply for and achieve your dream job?
It requires some charges to get a new revamped, optimized, crafted ATS compliant resume
Kindly let me know how much you can afford to get a newly revamped ATS compliant resume

????:  Idk you have to give me the offer price
I work Base on my clients budget how much do you have to write a ATS compliant resume for the job you're seeking for

But if you want me to give you price I charge within the range of $40-$90
Kindly let me know the package you will like to go for?






As a professional resume writer, I can help you to recreate a detailed and prefesional ATS resume for the job you're seeking to apply for?

I can help you out at an affordable rate

It will cost you within the range of $59.1 to $99

